= rails3subs

* http://github.com/CaptDowner/rails3subs

== DESCRIPTION:

  A gem to handle substitution of deprecated constants and method names 
  used in Rails 2 to the newer versions used in Rails 3. 

== FEATURES/PROBLEMS:

* This is preliminary code. 
  TBD: 
  0. Write and execute tests. (better late than never ;-)
  1. Convert it to an executable gem.
  2. Make command line processing more robust.
  3. Complete code for command line input.
  4. Add methods and constants as they become known.
  5. If a configuration file is missing, add intelligent defaults.

== SYNOPSIS:

  This program does multi-level, global replacement of Rails 2 constants and 
  method to their Rails 3 counterparts. It contains an input file 
  which maps the search string and substitutions which is specifically for 
  Rails 2 to Rails 3 conversions, but could be easily modified to do string 
  substitutions for any pair of strings.

== REQUIREMENTS:

* FIX (list of requirements)

== INSTALL:

* gem install rails3subs

== LICENSE:

(The MIT License)

Copyright (c) 2010 Steve Downie

Permission is hereby granted, free of charge, to any person obtaining
a copy of this software and associated documentation files (the
'Software'), to deal in the Software without restriction, including
without limitation the rights to use, copy, modify, merge, publish,
distribute, sublicense, and/or sell copies of the Software, and to
permit persons to whom the Software is furnished to do so, subject to
the following conditions:

The above copyright notice and this permission notice shall be
included in all copies or substantial portions of the Software.

THE SOFTWARE IS PROVIDED 'AS IS', WITHOUT WARRANTY OF ANY KIND,
EXPRESS OR IMPLIED, INCLUDING BUT NOT LIMITED TO THE WARRANTIES OF
MERCHANTABILITY, FITNESS FOR A PARTICULAR PURPOSE AND NONINFRINGEMENT.
IN NO EVENT SHALL THE AUTHORS OR COPYRIGHT HOLDERS BE LIABLE FOR ANY
CLAIM, DAMAGES OR OTHER LIABILITY, WHETHER IN AN ACTION OF CONTRACT,
TORT OR OTHERWISE, ARISING FROM, OUT OF OR IN CONNECTION WITH THE
SOFTWARE OR THE USE OR OTHER DEALINGS IN THE SOFTWARE.
